[Music]
fifteen reasons why you'll always be
poor you work hard and never buy
anything outrageously expensive yet
there seems to be some kind of money
curse cast upon you you keep running out
of precious cash long before payday and
can't save enough up to buy anything you
really want
newsflash folks that money curse is in
fact your own habits preventing you from
getting rich let's see what you can do
right away to change the situation for
the better before you get on the road to
successful saving be sure to subscribe
to our Channel and ring the notification
bell so that you never miss a single
update coming out daily on the bright
side of life 15 you spend too much money
on your phone when was the last time you
checked what your cell plan was if you
answered the day I got the contract you
might be surprised to find out that a
lot could have changed since then mobile
providers like to make long contracts
with tons of small but important
stipulations and limits that you might
be completely unaware of you could be
using way too much data without even
knowing it and you're likely paying a
pretty penny for going beyond those
limits try installing special Data
Manager apps that help you track your
data usage or choose the best plan based
on your needs chances are that a
different carrier will have something
just for you as you're about to make the
switch your old provider will probably
offer you something better so that they
don't lose you as a client and what
seems like a no-brainer yet so many
people ignored is using Skype whatsapp
viber or any other similar app that lets
you make international calls for free
apps like talkie WeChat or Google
Hangouts are ad-free simple to use and
won't cost you a thing
14 you use shopping as therapy what do
you do when you feel down eat a whole
bucket of ice cream listen to sad songs
till the break of dawn or perhaps go on
a fun shopping spree a lot of people
seem to go for that last option a slick
deals company survey has shown that US
customers make at least three unplanned
purchases a week and this seriously
affects their budget it adds up to four
hundred fifty dollars a month or fifty
four hundred dollars of wasted money per
year I'll let you decide what you could
have done with that money otherwise if
you feel the unstoppable urge to shop
when you're stressed out or depressed
it's time to stop and give it some
thought making impulsive purchases is
destructive in a couple ways first of
all you risk blowing money on a bunch of
unnecessary things that you won't even
use and even if the things you buy
aren't really that expensive you can end
up spending an impressive amount of
money on useless stuff by the end of the
year but it's not all about money the
second issue is psychological if you
have this unstoppable desire to shop you
might actually be trying to solve your
internal psychological problems through
it for example low self-esteem or a
super strict upbringing can provoke
cravings for excess purchases never
forget that there are tons of ways to
make you feel way better without having
to pay for it take a walk with your
friends go on a picnic with your family
or just play some sports outside all
these things can really lift your mood
without hurting your wallet 13 you treat
your credit card as if it were your own
money credit cards are a great way to
build up your credit but it can be
dangerously easy to use them
irresponsibly
if you treat your credit card like a
source of income it might be high time
to cut that thing into pieces sure you
can swipe here there and everywhere but
in the end you've got to pay all that
back plus interest to avoid racking up
sky-high credit card debt try to pay off
your balance each month
if you can't handle that then you should
probably stick to debit or cash twelve
you don't plan your vacations in advance
unplanned vacations can burn a large
hole in your pocket you see prices for
tickets and hotel rooms during travel
season are noticeably higher due to
increased demand but it's not just the
time of year that affects airfare the
day of the week does two Tuesdays and
Wednesdays are your best choice if you
want to save money by all means avoid
Sundays
that's when ticket prices skyrocket
travel bloggers recommend booking
accommodation that includes breakfast
and lunch you could also do some serious
research on alternative housing options
like couchsurfing or Airbnb 11 you pay
for subscriptions paid subscriptions to
music and movie sources can be pretty
expensive more often than not users have
no idea that they're subscribed to a
paid service since it happens
automatically if you notice the same
amount being taken out of your bank
account regularly it might be a good
idea to check it for subscriptions but
what if you want to watch movies and
listen to music make a choice in favor
of legal movie and music sites their
services are absolutely free because
they make their money out of ads they
broadcast with their content if you're
tired of being broke all the time you
can put up with a few advertisements now
and then Ted you don't buy in bulk
if you believe that stocking up is just
for doomsdayers extreme couponers and
tight bonds then you should really
reconsider your opinion there's nothing
wrong with buying a large number of
goods at a discount especially for non
perishables that can be stored for a
long time if you look for coupons in the
newspaper or good deals online you can
stock up and save a huge amount of money
having a personal stock of necessary
products like cereal canned goods toilet
paper shampoo and laundry detergent will
save you from the temptation of buying
something extra because you'll already
have what you need in your pantry
however even when buying in bulk make
sure these are things you really need
and that they're good quality a lot of
stores like to put their less than
desirable products on sale nine you
don't join loyalty programs plenty of
companies offer discounts and bonuses to
regular customers so it'd be silly not
to take advantage of loyalty programs
and it's not just about bonus cards
where you can save points for subsequent
discounts Airlines for example let you
save miles to pay for tickets to help
you keep track of all your loyalty
programs you can install an app on your
smartphone or tablet that keeps them all
in one place stow card is a great
example of such an app
eight you don't haggle in lots of places
around the world there's a wonderful
tradition for those who like to shop and
that the art of haggling when buying
real estate furniture and machinery
don't be so quick to agree to the
sellers price there's always a chance to
get a discount with some negotiation
never miss out on the opportunity to
save your hard earned cash 7 you never
asked for advice of course your family
is your rock always there for you when
you need them most but besides the
sentimental greeting card stuff you can
also turn to them for financial advice
nobody will be straight-up honest with
you as much as your parents or spouse
turn to them if you're planning large
purchases but are having some doubts
some wise advice from the older
generation and consultation with your
significant other will keep you from
reckless spending 6 you leave the lights
on what did your mom tell you about
leaving the lights on when you walk out
of the room that's right
turn them off if this bad habit has
followed you into adulthood well you're
now wasting your own money instead of
your parents funds the energy collective
group which does research on energy and
climate warns that leaving just 5
incandescent lights on for 8 hours a day
will add one hundred ten dollars to your
annual expenditure might not sound like
a lot but it's the little things that
can snowball you know
five you spend money on bad habits we
all know smoking drinking and fast-food
are bad for our health no news here but
if you're struggling to get by
financially then you just have to kick
these bad habits according to financial
experts smoking alone cost the average
American five thousand dollars a year as
for fast food it might help you save
time but try replacing it with seasonal
fruits and vegetables that cost just as
much trust me you will see the positive
differences in your overall health and
in your wallets as well for you drive to
places you could walk to what do you do
when you need to get something from the
corner store grab your car keys and go
well the convenience of a two minute
drive could be adding 706 dollars to
your monthly expenses according to the
American Automobile Association that
includes not only gas money but also all
fixed and variable car owner costs maybe
next time you can just walk instead
three you buy clothes that don't match
the rest of your wardrobe super-bright
shoes that you'll probably only wear a
couple of times or a trendy bag that's
forever gathering dust in your closet
will sooner or later ruin your budget
this is especially true if you keep
buying clothes that don't match the ones
you already have
be smart with your style and make up a
wardrobe consisting of fewer pieces that
can be combined into lots of different
outfits don't neglect websites with
secondhand items either not only can you
buy used clothes for a cheaper price you
can also sell your own to free up some
space and get a nice cash bonus to you
start your day with coffee to go a five
dollar latte on your way to work seems
pretty harmless right well some simple
math of multiplying five by 300 work
days a year
gives you fifteen hundred dollars of
hard-earned cash spent on your morning
energizer that's some serious money
isn't it if you can't go without coffee
just brew some at home and take it with
you in a thermos
one you never have any money left by the
end of the month if you keep running out
of money long before it's time to flip
the calendar I have got some bad news
for you my friend you're doing something
wrong when it comes to planning your
budget try reconsidering your financial
choices and cut down the expenses that
drain your wallet most do you have any
money saving tricks that work for you
like a dream tell us in the comments
below don't forget to give this video a
like and help your friends out by
sharing it with them be sure to
subscribe to our Channel where life is
always better on the bright side
[Music]